CODY BARRUS 
WEB DEVELOPER
codybarrus@gmail.com
codybarrus.com
(425) 295-4463
Issaquah, WA
I'm a web developer and science fiction author. Really, I'm just passionate about creating things, problem solving, and telling stories. Whether it's developing the plot of a kick ass adventure novel, or developing great web based apps, I'm enthusiastic about every aspect of the creation process. 
As a developer, I enjoy developing front end, back end or full stack. On the front end, I have experience with Angular.js and love working with it. I've also worked extensively with Bootstrap, and design fully responsive sites. On the back end, I've worked in Node.js and Ruby on Rails and enjoy developing solid backend on both. 
Skills 
FRONT END 
HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular.js, Bootstrap, JSON, AJAX 
BACKEND 
Ruby on Rails, Node.js, ActiveRecord, Sequelize, PostgresSQL, Express 
MISC. SKILLS 
Inbound Marketing, Ecommerce, Content Management, Writing / Publishing, GitHub, Test Driven Development 
Employment 
General Assembly Web Development Immersive Student Mar 2015 to Jun 2015 
Student in a full time, immersive training program averaging 60 hours per week. Created multiple full stack web projects including LunchBreak.ninja on Node.js and MemoryLn.me on Ruby on Rails. Worked extensively with JavaScript, Node.js, Ruby on Rails, and Angular, as well as a wide range of frameworks and libraries. 
Away And Away Publishing Author/Publisher 2013 to Current 
Sold over 10,000 copies of my works in 2014. Wrote/published two novels: Discovering Aberration & The Gin Thief. Raised funds of $3,783 through crowdfunding site Kickstarter to offset costs of editing and design (Publishing related projects have a 32.45% success rate). 
Chair 10 Marketing, Inc. Account Manager 2014 to 2014
Managed SEO (Search Engine Optimization), PPC (Pay Per Click), and content marketing for clients. Managed advertising campaigns within AdWords, Facebook & Twitter. Performed various optimization tasks including keyword research, meta data optimization and content marketing. 
Visible.net Marketing Manager  2012 to 2013 
Oversaw a department of 12 marketing specialists. Created new marketing product, processes, educational/training materials, webinars, and classroom style client training program. Produced new production pipeline which reduced product delivery from 90-120 days to an average of 7-14 days. Performed extensive keyword research, on-site optimization, link building, social network marketing, employee training, client training & more. 
Projects 
LunchBreak.Ninja 
LunchBreak.ninja is a project I build in a week while in the General Assembly Web Development Immersive program. The app finds a random, highly rated restaurant within walking distance, effectively removing the conversation "Where do you want to eat?" "I don't know, where do you want to eat?" Developed from the ground up on Node.js using a Postgres database on the back end, powered by the Yelp API, with JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, HTML and Bootstrap on the front end. 
Memory Lane 
MemoryLn.me was a group project developed by myself, Jake Rohr and Aida Mengistu. I worked as project manager while working primarily on the backend, setting up databases and working with Ruby on Rails. My contribution also included many of the features, including the ability to add blocks and choose themes in edit mode. 
As product manager, we I set up a agile work flow. Due to the week long production, we kicked agile into overdrive, meeting twice a day to discuss tactics, evaluate which features to add next. 
Education 
General Assembly - Web Development Immersive 2015 
University of Washington - Bachelor of Fine Arts (B.F.A.) Creative Writing 2012 
Awards 
Boy Scouts of America · Eagle Scout 
Feb 2002 
Earned by Eagle Scout at the age of 16. This process entailed 4 years of earning achievements known as merit badges and performing a high profile service project where I raised money to network a childrens non-profit. 

